S.T.A.T.E.: Subjagation, Tyranny, Atrocity:  Totality Enforced

A rogue citizen is pushed too far by the government, and tired of the mindless
drivel poured out by the democratically elected politicians, decides to take
matters into his own hands.

"It's not called a dystopia only because we are desensitized to it."

Core Elements:
	Fast-paced top-down shooter in the same sense as Hotline Miami
	Targets bureaucrats, politicians, and corporations working with the government

Shooting:
	Fast projectiles (no bullet hell)
	Very short TTK (maybe not always one shot, but close)
	Grabbing weapons from fallen enemies will be possible, but the player may
		also reload their weapon

Story of STATE (transcribed from notebook)

	Slaughter, Subjagation
	Tyranny, Theft
	Atrocity, Aggression
	Terror, Totality
	Exploitation, Enforced

	Mans Laughter

	Targets
		Politicians (in their houses, at meetings, in congress)
		Bureaucrats
		IRS
		FBI
		CIA
		ATF
		USPTO (US Patent and Trademark Office)
		The President

	Protagonist: "Citizen" (indicates non-individuality, called "equality")
		"All guns are now illegal" - illegal weapons flourish
			Citizen's house is searched by enforcers
		"Peace abounds" - Violence is seen in the background as these words are said
		"Everyone must pay their fair share" - IRS squads
			Citizen isn't paying - shootout at house
		"Equality is near" - all are equally poor
		"Happiness is a human right" - Government Amygdala removal program
			Citizen dodges this

	Television news clips add insight into the world through irony
		Fearmongering:
			weapons
			"extremists"
			global warming
			diseases
		Distraction from:
			Economics
			Immmigration
			Consolidation of power
			Increased Taxes
			Violence
		Constant support for the state
		Namecalling towards citizen
			"Extremist", "Bigot", "terrorist", "white supremacist"

	Citizen laughts at his portrayal, but it isn't clear until later exactly why.

	Citizen turns out to be black, but it was always assumed he was white.  After capture,
	Citizen's face is torn off and replaced to fit the narrative.  Citizen is then tattoed with
	symbols opposed by the establishment.

	"You don't act like a black person" (Irony)

	"To lighten moods following these disturbing events, your compassionate and empathetic
	government will be raising universal income by another $100 per minute."

Political Commentary
	The Cathedral:
		"Experts agree"
		"The state has fact-checked this message"
		"The science agrees"
		"...an expert with a degree in being correct"
	The Economy:
		"The rich found to be to blame for even more of your problems"
		"The productive classes are taking your opportunities."
		"Remember that wealth is zero-sum"
		"When One Has Plenty, All Have Less"
		“Justice Is Redistribution. Security Is Surveillance.”
		“Private Ownership Is Violence. State Ownership Is Peace.”
		“Profit Is Theft."
		"We have your best interests at heart."
		“Citizen Arrested for Unregulated Productivity—possibly profiting for himself”
		“Only the State Can Be Trusted to Allocate Fairly.”
	Democracy:
		"Voting age lowered to 8, allowing more people than ever to express their right to vote"
		"The increase in voters following the nationalization of foreign citizens has lead to
			unprecidented levels of democracy as more can vote than ever before."
		"True Equity Requires Unequal Treatment"
		"Historical Imbalance Demands Present Sacrifice"
	Immigration:
		“Diversity Is Strength. Uniformity Is Terror.”
		“A Bigger Electorate Is a Healthier Democracy.”
		“National Identity Is a Myth of the Privileged.”
		"Homogenity is a threat to our democracy"

Random Thoughts (transcribed from notebook):
	How would Citizen's race be hidden until reveal?
		-wears mask during levels
		-context through flashbacks

Appearance of Citizen:
	Welding mask and gloves keep all skin hidden.
